# blockchainProjectAssessment
Blockchain Project Assessment <br>
	The project I chose to write a 1 page assessment about outside of the top 30 market cap cryptos is xx network. xx network is the first and only quantum-resistant and privacy-focused blockchain ecosystem. xx network is the blockchain of the future and is the only Layer One protocol protected against quantum computing attacks. The founder, David Chaum, is an American computer scientist, cryptographer, and inventor. He is known as a pioneer in cryptography and privacy-preserving technologies and is also widely-recognized as the inventor of digital cash/ecash. The xx movement is a diverse group of people from around the world that care about protecting personal data from those with malicious intent.
	The xx network has 361 Nodes currently active worldwide. The xx network has 5 Whitepapers that explain how the network operates in detail. The first Whitepaper, xx network, is 18 to 19 pages long and consists of, a Disclaimer, Table of Contents, Our Vision, Introduction, xx coin, xx blockchain, xx nodes, xx network mix packets and communications, xx governance, xx coin economics, Appendix I: Network Communications, Appendix II: Projected Node Specifications, and Appendix III: Staked Governance. The second Whitepaper, Consensus, is 16 pages long and consists of, an Abstract, Introduction, Previous Work, Problem Statement, xxBFT Preliminaries, xxBFT Spec, Analysis, Safety Proof, Conclusion, and References. The third Whitepaper, xx cMix, is 10 to 11 pages long and consists of, a Disclaimer, Introduction, Metadata Protection, Scalable Architecture, Mixing Messages and Transactions, and a Conclusion and Further Reading. The fourth Whitepaper, xx Economics, is 12 to 13 pages long and consists of, a Disclaimer, Coin Allocation, Roles, Nominated Staking, Era Rewards, Postage and Transaction Fees, and BetaNet Staking. The fifth and final Whitepaper, xxMPC, is 13 to 14 pages long and consists of, an Introduction, xxMPC, Key Differences, Conclusion, Appendix I: Detailed setup phase, and Appendix II: Example use case.
	There are a few ways you can actively be a part of building on the xx network. You can become a node runner, run your own local xx network blockchain for the development and testing of the groundbreaking quantum-ready wallets in a PoS environment, and you can also build privacy dapps with the xxDK. The xx hub is the center for accessing the tools, wallets, dapps, partners, and exchanges currently using the xx network technology. The xx network wiki is a website used to provide detailed information and documentation for the xx network and its software as well as detailed guides for Node operators. 
I personally use one of the current dapps, xx messenger, which allows for a quantum leap in privacy by being the only quantum-secure messaging service that provides real-time metadata shredding for ultra-private messaging. All modern encrypted messaging solutions rely on cryptography that is vulnerable to the emerging threat of quantum computers. These modern encrypted messaging solutions can be cracked in the future with quantum technologies. xx messenger is built on the xx network blockchain and simultaneously achieves the decentralization, speed, privacy, and long-term security required to protect your communications far into the future. 
	In conclusion, the xx network is designed to change the current reality of digital transactions/privacy. The current reality is that most personal data isn’t private and your information doesn’t belong to you and is currently for sale. My company, FosterEther, contributes to the xx movement by being verified on the blockchain, not for sale, and authentic on the open source, cross chain community governed NFT Rarible Protocol. The change that the xx network has developed is a tracking-free, spying-free, and advertiser free platform allowing private, resilient, and secure communications and transactions no matter where you are in the world, preventing bad actors and advertisers from perpetuating any further harm to us humans.
